 1. React is framework or library ?...js library
 2. what is emmet?
 3. react docs
 4. At the end of the day react element is an object 
 5. async and defer
 6. Bundelers
 7. webpack vs parcels vs vite
 8. parcel is a package to get package in project get package manager(npm/yarn)
 9. npm manages all the packages . we need npm in our project because we need lots of packages 
    in our project . Our react app will not be build by just injecting react into our
    web page
 10. after initializing npm we get "package.json"...it is an configuration which npm needs to run it self
 11. To get parcel into my app :-
     ~ npm install -D parcel       { -D = dev dependencyy}

 11(a). suddenly pacakge-lock.json appears and parcel gets added as dev dependencies in 
     pacakage.json

 11(b).  dependencies = my project depends on packages . we need lots of funtionalities in our
         react app
         dev dependencies = when we need any pacakage for dev environment then that pacakage is istalled under 
         dev dependencies
           "^2.8.2"  = caret 
          "~2.8.2"  = tilde
          "2.8.2"  = i just want this version dont want any updates

12. Package-lock.json tells us which version of the library exactly we are using in our project in case 
     if package gets upgraded
     package-lock.json is important file it locks the verion of libraryy we are currently using 
     never put package-lock.json in .gitignore 
     hash is used  in package-lock.json to maintain the integrity


13. node module :- whenever we install something it gets installed in node module . 
      It is like DB of npm
       put node module in .gitignore  its very heavyy
      Package-lock.json has suficient info to recreate nodemodule

14. adding react to project via cdn link is not a good practice install react , react-DOM package 
    instead of cdn link 
     npm install react    /  npm i react 
     npm install react-dom/  npm i react-dom

15. npx parcel index.html         {npx :- execute using npm}
    and after running dis parcel give a server to us

    what to put in git ignore 
    all the things that can generate
    1.nodemodule
    2.dist
    3.parcel-cache

    package lock jason should not be

    
    
 
